there
the professional driver qualification law
goes into the first two laps for the old hands of the drivers were the five
Modules annoying
In the meantime, they have arranged for training with them
we from the truck driver and the initiative on whether want small help
for the modules
All training topics are available at photo point d and here comes the second episode
shall now deal with the
correct sitting position
the team player attitude
or so we're sure
relaxed on the road on the road are the right seating position it the truck
very important especially the old hands have a hard time against old habits
to replace the correct seating position
usually it is little things that can make a lot like we do now
The driver should not adjust the seat here
in the correct sitting position, the length of the seat must be
Distance to the hollow of the knee about half a hand of the driver should be on
put the seat all the way back, leaning back against it very easily
No pressure should be felt or a tightness in the abdomen to be felt
Wild
Asia just now he has his powerful and sometimes have the linden trees and
again warned traffic light card and again sand has been buried we have continued
applied the two margins but if it came to a crash what
Martin Kaymer
Of course, instead of Hofer, the feet have to reach the pedals well
the backrest, the lumbar support must be set so
That's why the spine has supported it without unpleasant pressure
the right seating position a tree
the music must be fastened for communication
Pay attention that the strap does not cut at the neck extremely small and big
Drivers often have problems because it is advisable to use the tools
proper and trouble-free straps have so far been opened
not anymore
Weissach security
the cost 30 euros hurt the driver already as the security moves quickly
in the second row after the correct sitting position all games must be correct
be set small tip the vehicle should be slightly on the mirror edge
to be seen as well as in this image so that is guaranteed that the dead
Angle type too lit are also the right on and off is
important always with the face to the cab
we saw how the sitting position should look like we saw it
Mirrors must be adjusted
threatened with it are not illuminated and here comes the next question what
we reach with the right mirror setting
to turn off the dead corner b
to turn off the dazzle